Initial project structure (#1)
fastly/fastly-template-rust-nel: SECURITY.md

## Report a security issue

> 
> The faslty-template-rust-default project team welcomes security reports and is committed to providing prompt attention to security issues. Security issues should be reported privately via [Fastly’s security issue reporting process](https://www.fastly.com/security/report-security-issue).

Reviewer: Don't mention repo specific values and then you won't have copy paste errors :-)

```suggestion

The project team welcomes security reports and is committed to giving prompt attention to security issues. Security issues should be reported privately via [Fastly’s security issue reporting process](https://www.fastly.com/security/report-security-issue).
```

## Security advisories

> Remediation of security vulnerabilities is prioritized by the project team. The project team endeavors to coordinate remediation with third-party stakeholders, and is committed to transparency in the disclosure process. The team announces security issues via $RELEASE-ANNOUNCEMENT-E.G.-GITHUB-RELEASE as well as $ECOSYSTEM-SPECIFIC-ADVISORY-DATABASE-EG-RUSTSEC on a best-effort basis.

Reviewer: Are these variables meant to be like this in the final output?

Author: 😱 Good catch, which means we also have these in the default template too.
